SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT

NOTICE: This License Agreement ("the License") is a legal agreement
between you (either as an individual or as any other legal entity) and
the British Broadcasting Corporation ("the BBC") for use of the software
package ("the Software") provided with the Agreement. By installing,
copying or otherwise using the Software you agree to be bound by the
terms of the License. If you do not agree to the terms of the License,
do not install or use the Software. 

1. GRANT OF RIGHTS

1.1 On condition that you conform with the terms and conditions of this
License, the BBC grants to you the non-exclusive, non-transferable right
throughout the World to: 

  1.1.1 use the Software on any number of computer systems;

  1.1.2 copy the Software;

  1.1.3 to re-distribute the Software to third parties provided that:

    1.1.3.1 all copies which you re-distribute include a copy of this
    License; 

    1.1.3.2 that the diskettes used for re-distribution are all clearly
    marked "BETSIE Copyright BBC(r) 1999"; 

    1.1.3.3 that no charge is made for the Software, save that you may
    recover your reasonable costs of re-distribution, including costs of the
    media, packaging, postage. 

  1.1.4 to modify the Software subject to compliance with the provisions of
  clause 4.

2. TERM AND TERMINATION

2.1 The License is effective until terminated. You may terminate the
License at any time by ceasing to use the Software, and removing it from
all the computer systems on which you installed it and destroying all
copies in your possession or control. The BBC has the right to terminate
the License if you fail to comply in full with the terms and conditions
of this License. In the event of such termination by the BBC, you shall
agree to cease immediately use of the Software, to remove it from all
the computer systems on which you installed it, and to destroy all
copies in your possession or under your control. 

3. COPYRIGHT

3.1 You acknowledge that no title to the intellectual property in the
Software is transferred to you. You further acknowledge that title and
full ownership rights to the Software shall remain the exclusive
property of the BBC and you will not acquire any rights except as are
expressly set out in this License. You agree that any copies of the
Software will contain the same copyright notices as appear in and on the
Software as supplied to you by the BBC. 

4. MODIFICATION OF THE SOFTWARE

4.1 You may modify your copy or copies of the Software or any portion of
it, thus forming a work based on the Software, and copy and distribute
such modifications or work under the terms of Section 1 above, provided
that you also meet all of the following conditions: 

  4.1.1 You must cause the modified files to carry prominent notices
  stating that you changed the files and the date of any change. 

  4.1.2 You must cause any work that you distribute or publish, that in
  whole or in part contains or is derived from the Software or any part
  thereof, to be licensed as a whole at no charge to all third parties
  under the terms of this License. 

  4.1.3 If the modified program normally reads commands interactively when
  run, you must cause it, when started running for such interactive use in
  the most ordinary way, to print or display an announcement including an
  appropriate copyright notice and a notice that there is no warranty (or
  else, saying that you provide a warranty) and that users may
  redistribute the program under these conditions, and telling the user
  how to view a copy of this License. 

5. NO WARRANTY

The Software is supplied "as is" without warranty of any kind, either
expressed or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied
warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. 

6. NO LIABILITY

6.1 The entire risk as to the quality and performance of the Software is
with you. Should the Software prove defective, you assume the cost of
all necessary bug-fixing and correction; 

6.2 In no event will the BBC be liable to you for damages, including any
general, special, incidental or consequential damages arising out of the
use or inability to use the Software (including but not limited to loss
of data or data being rendered inaccurate or losses sustained by you or
third parties or a failure of the Software to operate with any other
software or systems). 

7. SEVERABILITY

In the event of invalidity of any provisions of this License, you shall
agree that such invalidity shall not affect the validity of the other
provisions of this License. 

8. ENTIRE AGREEMENT

This License is the entire agreement between you and the BBC and
supersedes any prior agreement or understanding relating to the subject
matter of this License. 

9.  GOVERNING LAW	

This License shall be governed by the laws of England and Wales and is
subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts. 

10. NOTICES

All correspondence regarding any matter relating to this License should
be addressed to Head of Legal and Commercial Affairs, Broadcast, BBC
Henry Wood House, 3 & 6 Langham Place, London W1A 1AA, Fax 0171 765 5854



